1) What is SQL?
    SQL - Structured Query Language that used in programming and designed for managing data in a relational database management system (RDBMS),
    or for stream processing in a relational data stream management system (RDSMS).

2) What is RDBMS?
    RDBMS - Relational Database Management System that is based on the relational model.
    RDBMS is a type of DBMS with a row-based table structure that connects related data elements.

3) What is Data Mining?
    Data Mining is a collective name used to designate a set of methods for detecting previously unknown, non-trivial, practically useful
    and accessible interpretation of knowledge necessary for decision-making in various spheres of human activity.

4) What is an ERD?
    ERD is a entity-relationship diagram. Data model, which allows to describe the conceptual schema of the subject area.

5) What is the difference between Primary Key and Unique Key?

    Primary Key is used to identify a row (record) in a table, whereas Unique-key is to prevent duplicate values in a column (with the exception of a null entry).
    By default SQL-engine creates Clustered Index on primary-key if not exists and Non-Clustered Index on Unique-key.
    Primary key does not include Null values, whereas Unique-key can.
    A table can have at most one primary key, but can have multiple Unique-key.
    You can’t change or delete primary values, but Unique-key values can.

6) How can you store a picture file in the database? What Object type is used?
    First, database storage is usually more expensive than file system storage,
    second, Input/Output of binary data to DB could be heavy, hence the best way is just use string/long string object to store
    image's path and store image in cloud.

7) What is Data Warehousing?
    Data warehousing emphasizes the capture of data from diverse sources for access and analysis rather than for transaction processing.
    Typically, a data warehouse is a relational database housed on an enterprise mainframe server or, increasingly, in the cloud.

8) What are indexes in a Database? Give a definition of the types of indexes.
    Index is a kind of mapping between rows and index ids.
    A database index is a data structure that improves the speed of data retrieval operations on a database table
    at the cost of additional writes and storage space to maintain the index data structure.
    Indexes are used to quickly locate data without having to search every row in a database table every time a database table is accessed.
    Indexes can be created using one or more columns of a database table

    Index could be Clustered and Nonclustered.

    Clustered indexes sort and store the data rows in the table based on their key values.
    These are the columns included in the index definition. There can be only one clustered index per table,
    because the data rows themselves can be stored in only one order.

    Nonclustered indexes have a structure separate from the data rows.
    A nonclustered index contains the nonclustered index key values and each key value entry has a pointer to the data row that contains the key value.

9) How many Triggers are possible in MySQL? (Explain them all)
    The MySQL trigger is a database object that is associated with a table.
    It will be activated when a defined action is executed for the table.
    The trigger can be executed when you run one of the following MySQL statements on the table:
    INSERT, UPDATE and DELETE and it can be invoked before or after the event.

    The main requirement for running such MySQL Triggers is having MySQL SUPERUSER privileges.
    As of MySQL 5.7.2, it is possible to define multiple triggers for a given table that have the same trigger event and action time. For example, you can have two BEFORE UPDATE triggers for a table

    BEFORE INSERT
    AFTER INSERT
    BEFORE UPDATE
    AFTER UPDATE
    BEFORE DELETE
    AFTER DELETE

10) What is Heap table?
    Heap tables are tables without a Clustered Index.
    A table can have a Clustered Index, then it's called a Clustered Table, and without a Clustered Index, it's called a Heap Table.

11) Define the common MySQL storage engines and explain their differences.

    [Thanks Google for providing entire list]
    MySQL supported storage engines:
    InnoDB
    MyISAM
    Memory
    CSV
    Merge
    Archive
    Federated
    Blackhole
    Example

    InnoDB is the most widely used storage engine with transaction support.
    It is an ACID compliant storage engine. It supports row-level locking, crash recovery and multi-version concurrency control.
    It is the only engine which provides foreign key referential integrity constraint.

    MyISAM is the original storage engine. It is a fast storage engine. It does not support transactions.
    MyISAM provides table-level locking. It is used mostly in Web and data warehousing.

    Memory storage engine creates tables in memory. It is the fastest engine. It provides table-level locking.
    It does not support transactions. Memory storage engine is ideal for creating temporary tables or quick lookups. The data is lost when the database is restarted.

    CSV stores data in CSV files.
    It provides great flexibility because data in this format is easily integrated into other applications.

    Merge operates on underlying MyISAM tables. Merge tables help manage large volumes of data more easily.
    It logically groups a series of identical MyISAM tables, and references them as one object.
    Good for data warehousing environments.

    Archive storage engine is optimised for high speed inserting.
    It compresses data as it is inserted. It does not support transactions.
    It is ideal for storing and retrieving large amounts of seldom referenced historical, archived data.

    The Blackhole storage engine accepts but does not store data. Retrievals always return an empty set.
    The functionality can be used in distributed database design where data is automatically replicated, but not stored locally.
    This storage engine can be used to perform performance tests or other testing.